Ingredients:
 - 1 or 2 slices of bread of your choice. I don't care.
 - 1 tsp of cocaine

Directions:
1. Prepare the toaster. Do this by taking the toaster out of the box or 
cupboard and plug the power cord into the power socket. If this has been 
done already, please ignore step one. If you don't have a toaster, I 
suggest purchasing one. May I suggest eBay? They sell toasters probably. 
Alternatively you can steal one from your neighbours kitchen. There's a 
high likelihood that they have one. The rich bastards! Just remember 
stealing is only illegal if you get caught. 

2. Place bread inside toaster.

3. Snort 1/2 tsp of cocaine. You're feeling better already!

4. Fuck! You realise you forgot to push down the lever to initiate the 
bread cooking mode. Proceed to push down said lever. Do they call it 
levers? Well whatever that push down thing is. If you're not sure where 
the push down lever thing is, please consult the instructions of your 
newly bought toaster. If your toaster was stolen and does not have the 
instructions with it, you may have to just figure it out. You get what 
you pay for, I suppose.

5. While waiting for the bread to magically turn into toast, how about 
another 1/2 tsp of cocaine? Hell! Add another 1/4 of a teaspoon. No one 
will notice.

6. What the fuck was that!? When you least expect it, a popping noise 
will either come from out of no where, or the toaster. It's probably the 
toaster. This usually indicates that the toast is ready. 
This may depend what you set the dial too though. Shit! I forgot to 
mention the dial on the toaster. Your toast may either be undercooked, 
perfect, or burnt to hell. Trail and error applies here. Chances are you 
have more slices of bread. Most loaves of bread has more than 2 slices. 
If you stole your neighbours toaster, 
don't touch the fucking dial, it's probably 
fine. Some of you may have forgotten to push down the lever again. If so, 
proceed to step 3 and try again.

7. Congratulations! You have toast. Possibly 2 of them. You're ready for 
dinner.

8. Optional. You can add spreads of any kind you like. Choose your 
favourite. You deserve it. May I suggest a sprinkle of 1/2 a tsp of 
cocaine? It's a tasty treat! Tasty treat times indeed.